Prompt: Our San Francisco team loves to eat. They are also a team that loves variety, so they also like to discover new places to eat.
In fact, we have a particular affection for food trucks. One of the great things about Food Trucks in San Francisco is that the city releases a list of them as open data. Your assignment is to make it possible for us to find a food truck no matter where our work takes us in the city.

The only requirement for the assignment is that it give us at least 5 food trucks to choose from a particular latitude and longitude.

This coding challege will have two files. The 1st py file is a program that utilizes google maps "places" API to return a dataframe of the 5 closest food trucks using the address you give it. 2nd ipynb file will give you a step by step guide on how the first program works, and how to plot the long/lat on a street map (a street map zip file of San Fran will be attached). 

Reflection: When I first thought about this challenge I was thinking of many ways to tackle it. I realized that the best way to tackle this problem was not to recreate the wheel, but use an existing API to come up with a solution.  The API key is free for 3 months. All you need to do is make an account here:https://developers.google.com/maps and paste your APIkey in the code. The second part is a juptyer notebook that will give the user a visualization of the lon/lat of the different food trucks via street mapping, and also an in depth analysis of my code. Juptyer notebook was a great tool that I used in college, and many data scientists  use it today to visualize their data. 
